dumpling: update dumpling doc (#5653)
pingcap/docs: dumpling-overview.md

  -P 4000 \
  -h 127.0.0.1 \
  --filetype sql \
  --t 8 \
  -o /tmp/test \
  -r 200000 \
  -F 256MiB
```

In the command above:

+ The `-h`, `-p`, and `-u` option respectively mean the address, the port, and the user. If a password is required for authentication, you can use `-p $YOUR_SECRET_PASSWORD` to pass the password to Dumpling.
+ The `-o` option specifies the export directory of the storage, which supports a local file path or a [URL of an external storage](/br/backup-and-restore-storages.md).

> + The `t` option specifies the number of threads for the export. Increasing the number of threads improves the concurrency of Dumpling and the export speed, but also increase the database's memory consumption. Therefore, it is not recommended to set the number too large.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The `t` option specifies the number of threads for the export. Increasing the number of threads improves the concurrency of Dumpling and the export speed, and also increases the database's memory consumption. Therefore, it is not recommended to set the number too large.
```

The exported file is stored in the `./export-<current local time>` directory by default. Commonly used options are as follows:

> - The `t` option specifies the number of threads for the export. Increasing the number of threads improves the concurrency of Dumpling and the export speed, but also increase the database's memory consumption. Therefore, it is not recommended to set the number too large.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `t` option specifies the number of threads for the export. Increasing the number of threads improves the concurrency of Dumpling and the export speed, and also increases the database's memory consumption. Therefore, it is not recommended to set the number too large.
```
